so these are the ingredients we're gonna
need to make the burritos well you're
gonna need about a cup of shredded
cheese a cup of rice and using the
minute brown rice and a can of refried
beans I'm using vegetarian 1/4 cup of
salsa any variety that you like I've got
a table spoon of chocolate cesium and
eat flour turn to you the first thing
you're gonna want to do is cook your
rice and that mine just took 5 minutes
and I did cook it in some chicken broth
because it gives it a little extra
flavor but it really doesn't make that
big of a difference so yes you just
wanna get your rice cooked and you do
want to have it like cool off just a
little bit and then you can start
getting everything else ready then all
you'll need to do is pour all of your
ingredients into a large bowl and stir
them around until they're all mixed
together completely also you'll want to
have your oven preheated to 450 degrees
all right next all you'll need to do is
start filling your burritos so I went
ahead in lined baking sheet with tin
foil so I'm just folding my last burrito
and it did make all eight of them this
is the last one it's a little bit small
but it's alright so what I do is just
fold in each end like this and then just
fold the other way that's kind of tiny
one but the burritos and then I'm gonna
cut them before out of time at 450
before I put them in the oven I'm just
gonna spray them with some cooking oil
really fast just over the tops all right
bake them for about five to seven
minutes and then I'm gonna flip them
over spray them again and bake them for
another five minutes all right so these
bakes for five minutes and I just
slipped them over so that they can brown
on the other side and I'm gonna put them
back in for about three more minutes or
until they're brown on both sides
so those flip for three more minutes and
the back spot a little more brown and
then the tops just slightly brown so if
you want them even browner you can just
leave them in a little bit longer
and they'll darken up on each side
now I'm just gonna go ahead and put the
second batch in and ivory sprayed the
pan and the burritos and they're just
gonna go back in for five minutes and
then probably another three minutes just
like that all right so here's the
finished thing I have it cut open so you
can see the inside the shell is slightly
crispy and then it's just warm and gooey
on the inside so I hope you enjoyed this
video and I'll talk to you soon bye what
do you think mmm that's great ten seven
or ten scale of seven to ten turns
really good and seven is it's a little
bit good Oh what's a ten what did you
think we're okay